c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Client.exe.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Client.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Client.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\obj\Debug\Resto.Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\obj\Debug\Resto.Client.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\obj\Debug\Resto.Client.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Core.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Data.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Service.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Core.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Data.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Resto.Service.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Resto.Core\Resto.Client\bin\Debug\App.config
